Here's example for untitled the voltage after a long time and it says I'm like.
So after a long time current exists only in one branch of the circuit at this long time if the battery
voltage is 10 volts What's the voltage across the 50 micro ferrite capacitor.
So let's go ahead and look at that.
Here's my 50 micro farit capacitor.
And we know that the voltage of this battery right here this guy here equals the 10 volts.
All right.
So how do you solve a problem like this.
I mean this looks like a very complicated circuit.
However we know what's going on here we know the voltage between the point a here and the top portion.
We know that 10.
We also want to know the voltage across this 50 micro ferrett capacitor.
If you want to know the voltage across something well maybe we could just do like a little Bruel and
include that 50 micro ferrite capacitor.
Now let's just label some current over here and call the current here I call it.
I won.
All right.
Let's start at a point and let's do this counter-clockwise loop and apply Kirchhoff's loop rule.
So the first thing we encounter is a battery we go from the low potential to the high potential therefore
we get a potential increase.
Next thing we do is we're going across this 100 ohm resistor so you get a voltage drop of minus 100
multiplied by 1 and next thing I want to do is I'm going across the plates of this capacitor so we get
a voltage drop or a voltage across this capacitor and micro ferrite capacitor and then I go back to
where I started that must be equal to zero.
OK so really this is what we're looking for we know this is 10.
What are we.
What can we do about this term over here.
The voltage drop across that resistor.
Well the key to this problem now is just to kind of read it a little bit more carefully.
And the first thing you realize here is that they're really asking you for what is a long time after
a long time what happens after a long time.
You have to remember that these capacitors they get fully charged and once they get fully charged it
automatically means that any branch with a capacitor is going to have zero current.
So this guy over here I one has to be equal to zero after a long time.
So if I want equals to zero after a long time that means there is no voltage drop across that resistor.
So automatically you can write that if I bring the voltage of the 50 micro Feraud capacitor on the other
side so I'll turn it into a positive.
That is simply equal to the AMFA the battery which in this case they told us was 10 volts.
So that's pretty simple.
So in this case here the correct answer has to be Choice C.
So that would also mean that the for this branch over here.
Go ahead and look at this for this branch over here after a long time there would also be no current
flowing through this branch over here after a long time.
So after a long time there is still a closed loop.
Right.
There's still a loop that includes the battery.
There's this outside path and the current can still flow around there's just no more current flowing
where there's a capacitor OK.
Kind of a nice little problem it looks like a complicated circuit but it actually turned out to be quite
an easy problem.